I wanted to retrieve monitoring
I didn't expect you to take the initiative to show your own feet
The project you leaked says
It is not the core data of this project at all
But I did it specifically to lure you into the bait
Prepared invalid documents
recent
The group's large and small data has been leaked several times
I especially take this opportunity to invite you into your dream
Sure enough, it blew you up
I'm sorry, give me another chance.
I didn't mean to.
I was blind to Mount Tai before
If you fire me
I have no place in Jingzhou
Mr. Song, I beg you
Please give me another chance.
I really know I was wrong.
It's okay not to get fired
But only if
You're going to tell me who's behind it
Is it good to be behind the scenes?
So it was you who betrayed the group?
Do you know
If you offend the Nangong family
You have no way out in Zhengzhou
I'm obsessed
I did it all.
Your company gave me a great show today
But I don't care which of you goes first.
I can't see the final project book today.
Just 15 billion liquidated damages
15 billion that's the stubbornness of the entire Nangong Group
Why so many days to build a project book
Mr. Long is afraid that he will be disappointed
The real project book was admitted to the USB stick by me
How could this be?
Haha, Song Nianyi
You offended a lot of people, haha.